support
This is the first time anyone has used it
Such obscene words
tease me
Mr. Fan
I can be a little bit
It doesn't mean anything obscene.
Think about it
you look so beautiful
Good figure
Not being taken care of
Isn't it such a pity?
And me
There's plenty of money
follow me
you can do
anything you want to do
I have absolutely no restrictions
your freedom
We each take what we need
He Le
Not for that
pity
what are you talking about
You know in Jiangcheng
How many young talents are there?
and the top rich young man
They are queuing up to marry me
I can't get anything I ask for
Why do you say that to me?
Mr. Fan
you need to know
They don't get what they ask for
It's their business
I want to take care of you
that's my thing
you
Mr. Lin
You do have some strength
You can pay a premium of two square meters
Buy Fan’s KTV
But in Jiangcheng
It requires connections
and resources
As long as you are willing to follow me
Fan’s connections and resources
It's all yours
otherwise
Let you be ruined
oh
ruined
Then I'd really like to know
Mr. Fan, how could you let me
Disgraced
Mysterious rich man
and beautiful CEO
In the car on the street
occult movement
you say
Will it make headlines?
Will you let your whole family
ruined
What Mr. Fan said
occult movement
Does it mean
?
That
I quite wanted to
I’m afraid of you, Mr. Fan
Don't dare
Mr. Lin
Don't go too far
My friend is also Jiangcheng
The most beautiful CEO
Don’t I want to lose face?
Mr. Fan
you sometimes
Quite cute too
but
It was you who took the initiative
proposed a mysterious movement
to seduce me
I agreed
You don't agree
In this case
I feel bad too
I'm here
I'm talking to you about business
you say
What's serious
What are you doing?
would you like to marry me
I don't want to marry you
But I can take care of you
Or in the car with you
occult movement
Why do you say that to me?
At once
Just because I have money
Mr. Fan
Yes or no
As long as I prove I have money
you are willing
Let me take care of you
good
Then how do you want to support me?
You are a beautiful CEO
and
The legs are still so long
or
One hundred million
How many
Two hundred million
500 million